Well it is six o'clock in the morning to see
just arrived here in milan two
hours we are sold out here
play
gate back
before back
on board
Thank you
there too
yes we are again in milan the second
Let's play in the same passion
in the theater teatro san fidele now comes
the first workshop class was already here
the second
we are estimated 50 to 100 people and
try with german lessons too
do
but of course with fun
yes you can speak German better
the track is good a month
people are a bit freaked out though
it was not really me
it is you see the whole in my
face it is awfully nice here
and now we are waiting for the band's needs
Vogelsang again after turin after
turin of course where else to go
turin
in the morning and here
600 kids who are immediately felt away
from our sound
I'm curious is
as repeatedly I do not shudder that
I 'll be fine even if it's one now
bit cheesy it sounds like that
want
the first in the world still prefer if the
to be from the old to you sometimes
it, if I digested and too much
get
here
a second case home
very missing
very nice concerts
Thank you
July